How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    you dont have to think about everything. you just see
    which lines were changed, so you only have to inspect those

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    it allows you to inspect what may have gone wrong. you can see each iteration
    and you will know whether or not individual changes make the code break

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    savig at logical places. you can see what was not working and what currently
    is. but you could forget or use bad judgment.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    because with some things, especially web development, there are multiple
    files that interact. if you change shit in one, you may have to change
    shit in another. savign everything at each commit means you dont have
    to do that manually and you dont have to worry about forgetting. it makes
    sure that your files will interact well after each save


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    you go to the directory you need, type git log. that shows you all the
    changes made, with the commit ids. then you find the commits you're
    looking for. you do git diff old version, new version. if you enabled
    color, green plusses are additions. red minuses are deletions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can make more ballsy changes, because you know that you can always
    go back and inspect each commit to see where the break occured.that means
    if you fucked it up, it's easy to find and fix.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    My frist use of git will be the machine learning course. After that Ill
    use it for courses and projects as I learn machine learning, AI, python,
    penetration testing, and whatever else. also probably for building my
    security systems, servers, and alexas. 
